A bad workman always blames his tools.
A bird in hand is worth two in the bush.
Absence makes heart grow fonder.
A cat has nine lives.
Action speaks louder than words.
A diamond with a flaw is better than a common stone that is perfect.
A drowning man will clutch a straw.
A fool and his money are soon parted.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
A house divided against itself cannot stand.
A leopard cannot change its spots.
All good things come to an end.
All is fair in love and war.
All that glitters is not gold.
All things come to those who wait.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
As you sow, so shall you reap.
Ask a silly question and you’ll get a silly answer.
Barking dogs seldom bite.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
Behind every great man there’s a great woman.
Better late than never.
Better safe than sorry.
Birds of a feather flock together.
Blood is thicker than water.
Boys will be boys.
Business before pleasure.
Charity begins at home.
Cleanliness is next to godliness.
Clothes make the man.
Curiosity killed the cat.
Dead men tell no tales.
Desperate times call for desperate measures.
Diamond cuts diamond.
Do as I say, not as I do.
Do unto others as you would have them do unto you.

Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
East or West, home is best.
Easy come, easy go.
Every cloud has a silver lining.
Every dog has its day.
Every man has his price.
Every man is the architect of his own fortune.
Every picture tells a story.
Everything comes to him who waits.
Familiarity breeds contempt.
Fine feathers make fine birds.
First come, first served.
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
Fortune favors the brave.
Give a dog a bad name and hang him.
Give credit where credit is due.
God helps those who help themselves.
Good fences make good neighbors.
Good things come in small packages.
Half a loaf is better than no bread.
Haste makes waste.
He who hesitates is lost.
History repeats itself.
Honesty is the best policy.
Hope for the best, but prepare for the worst.
If at first you don’t succeed, try, try again.
If the cap fits, wear it.
If the shoe fits, wear it.
If wishes were horses, beggars would ride.
If you can’t beat them, join them.
If you can’t stand the heat, get out of the kitchen.
If you lie down with dogs, you will get up with fleas.
If you want something done right, do it yourself.
Ignorance is bliss.
In for a penny, in for a pound.
It ain’t over till the fat lady sings.
It is better to give than to receive.
It is better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.
It is better to light a candle than to curse the darkness.
It is easier to ask forgiveness than permission.
It is never too late to learn.
It takes all sorts to make a world.
It takes two to tango.
